Initial Evaluation of the System
1. Evaluate the parser in its current form:
        
        (i) What sort of sentences can it parse ?
                
                As per the production rules given in simple.gr the following sentences can be 
		parsed :  
                (i) Declarative Sentences: Sentences with declarative structure have a subject 
                    noun phrase followed by a verb phrase. 
                                        S → NP VP
                (ii) Yes-no Sentences: Sentences with yes-no question structure are often 
   		    (though not always) used to ask questions; they begin with an auxiliary verb,
                     followed by a subject NP, followed by a VP.
					S → faux NP VP 
		(iii) Noun Phrase followed with a Noun Phrase with is between them.
					S → NP fis NP 
      				Eg: Earth is planet.


	(ii) What types of sentences will it fail to parse ?


		The following types of sentences will fail to parse:


		(i) Imperative Sentences: Sentences beginning with a verb phrase and having
    		    no subject.
         				S → V
                (ii) Wh-subject-question: Identical to the declarative structure, except that the
    		    first noun phrase contains some wh-word.
					S → Wh-NP VP
		(iii) Wh-non-subject-question: The wh-phrase is not the subject of the 
      		     sentence, and so the sentence includes another subject. In these types of
      		     sentences the auxiliary appears before the subject NP, just as in the yes-no
      		     question structures. 
                        		S → Wh-NP Aux NP VP


	(iii) What improvements to the grammar or parser are required to properly parse common failed sentences ?


        	To improve the grammar or parser following production rules need to be added to be added to simple.gr:
        	(i)         S → VP
           	(ii)        S → Wh-NP VP
           	(iii)       S → Wh-NP Aux NP VP